hey guys what's up welcome to screen
crush
I'm Ryan arey the arrowverse is composed
of six different superhero TV shows
there are a total of 372 episodes so to
do this recap we're going to leave out a
lot of this and this and some of this
here's a recap of the entire arrow verse
let's start where it all began
arrow playboy Oliver Queen is away on a
yacht there's a big storm the boat sinks
Ali's dad dies but gives him a book of
really bad guys who live back in
Starling city like the burn book if it
was written by Arya Stark ollie learns
to be a badass by training with these
guys working with black ops getting a
magic tattoo and becoming a captain in
the Russian Bratva after five years he
returns to become the bow and arrow
building vigilante called the Green
Arrow his identity is totally a secret
except for all of these people who will
mostly figure it out on their own
Oliver is aided by Felicity Smoak a
computer whiz at his family's
corporation and his bodyguard John
Diggle a former soldier his
ex-girlfriend Laurel and her police
captain dad hate him for cheating on her
with her sister Sara who died on the
yacht back to the list it's a group of
rich [ __ ] who want to cause an
earthquake in UK this group is led by
Malcolm Merlyn who's also the villain
dark Archer Malcolm is also the secret
father of Thea Ali's sister Thea starts
danger dating a pickpocket named Roy who
also grew up in again today
Malcolm sets off the earthquake but is
defeated by Oliver laurels sister Sara
returns as a new vigilante trained by
the League of Assassins an ancient ninja
Club Ollie defeats a villain called
Deathstroke this guy's his ex friend who
now takes super steroids
afterwards Ollie locks him up in a
secret Jail back on the island Roy also
takes some super roids and now he's got
the temperament of a 1990s baseball
player he gets better fakes his death
then leaves the show for a little while
while all this was happening Barry Allen
a police scientist from Central City
comes to town to help the police with
the case after going back home Barry is
struck by lightning when Barry was 11
his mom was killed by a super fast
speedster in yellow but the cops pendant
on his dad Barry was raised by detective
Joe West and fell in love with his
daughter iris
she's kind of his sister but this isn't
illegal or anything still frowned upon
across town there's a science facility
called STAR Labs run by dr. Harrison
wells with Cisco and Caitlin an
experiment backfires and gives powers to
a lot of random bad guys but also Barry
gains access to another
mentioned called the speedforce which
gives him SuperSpeed this team of
geniuses helped Barry become the flash
flash apprehensive bad guy such as
Leonard snart inist partner Mick they
use hot and cold guns to steal and don't
have any powers unless you count their
silky smooth voices if you want out take
the painting and go the team figures out
that Harrison wells is actually an
imposter and that he was killed years
ago and replaced by the speech during
the yellow suit his name is eobard
thawne aka the reverse-flash and he's
Flash's arch enemy from the distant
future flash captures reverse flash and
it turns out that he needs Barry's help
to get back to the future and he says
that in exchange he'll help Barry go
back in time and save his mother he
almost agrees but then he bards ancestor
Eddie kills himself
wiping reverse flash from existence so
kids the big hero of flash season 1 is
suicide
great messaging CW Cisco learns and he's
a metahuman with psychic powers he
starts dating a woman named Kendra who
turns out to be the reincarnation of an
Egyptian and has Hawk powers she's
hunted by an immortal villain named
Vandal Savage this is like a really
badass sequel to the Opera Aida give me
those like stop her fans she and her
boyfriend Hawkman team up with a
flashing green arrow to kill Vandal
Savage
temporarily iris finds her long-lost
brother Wally just to zoom a villain
from an alternate earth called Earth 2
shows up to eat Barry Speed evil
doppelganger is working for zoom include
Caitlin's killer frost and laurels black
siren and the shark guy who isn't
relevant but just looks awesome
zoom kills Barry's dad but then Barry
defeat zoom unable to lose both his
parents Barry runs back in time to save
his mom's life flashpoint now let's
briefly talk about John Constantine who
doesn't figure into all this very much
except that he's a non super-powered
Exorcist who fights demons he drinks a
lot and investigates supernatural
threats at one point he gives Oliver a
magical tattoo back in Star City Oliver
loses this company to tech genius Ray
Palmer who builds his own shrinking
super suit and becomes the superhero
called the atom Nyssa al Ghul a member
of the League of Assassins and Sarah's
ex-girlfriend trains Laurel to become
the hero Black Canary and Malcolm trains
Thea had a fight so now everyone on the
show arrow is a superhero it turns out
Malcolm is a member of the League of
Assassins who are led by Ra's al Ghul
he's lived to be a thousand by
schvitzing and a magic hot tub called
the Lazarus Pit Oliver gets into a war
with Roz pretends to join the league and
then takes it down from the inside then
Nyssa disband the league forever but
former League member damian darhk-- has
started his own evil organization called
hive dark gets his powers from
idol but vixen a superhero who harnesses
the abilities of animals destroys the
idol and they send dark to jail for
about five minutes then he breaks out
and kills Laurel in the final fight
Oliver kills dark with his magic tattoo
and then Oliver becomes mayor would it
be great if that's just how we picked
our mayor's now let's talk about legends
of tomorrow a group of time travelers
whose sacred charge is to never screw up
the timeline rip hunter is a Time Master
from the future who wants to stop Vandal
Savage from conquering the world and
killing his family he defies the wishes
of the time Council stealing a ship and
recruiting a team to help him they
include firestorm who's made up from the
nuclear mind-meld of Martin Stein and
Jefferson Jack's Jackson Sara from arrow
Ray Palmer
McCann Leonard Hawkman and Hawk woman
the team is looking for magic items that
can be used to kill Savage they go to a
dystopian future the Old West they
kidnap their baby selves they fight a
giant robot in the future it's pretty
fun stuff the time Council reveals that
they were working with savage all along
what it turns out that a 2175 earth will
be invaded by aliens and only Vandal
Savage can save the human race but the
team destroys the time Council and
Leonard gives his life to save everyone
savage dies Kendra and Carter quit and
everyone else keeps protecting the
timeline but presumably in 2175
everybody still thought later historian
Nate Heywood finds the Waverider under
the ocean and helps Mick reassemble the
team after a nuclear explosion in 1942
scattered them across time rip is still
missing and Sarah becomes the new
captain the legends return to the 40s
and team up with a superhero team the
Justice Society of America vixens
ancestor who's also named Dixon joins
the team and Nate takes a super serum
that gives them the power to turn
himself into living metal they discover
that reverse flash has teamed up with
Malcolm Merlyn and damian darhk--
calling themselves the Legion of Doom
their plan is to reassemble the spear of
destiny which can completely alter
reality after it's stabbed Jesus Christ
they collect spear pieces by going to
Camelot the moon and along the way they
meet young George Lucas and j.r.r
tolkien they fight dinosaurs and zombie
Confederate soldiers and finally make
out with computer programs
[Music]
it's a lot of fun but the Legion wins
and remakes reality then the team turns
it back mostly in present-day there's
all sorts of time aberrations caused by
the damage to the timeline next up we
have Superman's cousin Supergirl she
lives on an alternate earth and rarely
interacts with the other heroes
Supergirl or Cara was raised by the
Danvers family
she works at Catco worldwide when a tech
genius and Jimmy Olsen Superman's best
friend over the years there's a lot of
love Pentagon's between Cara Alex when
James and Lucy Lane she's Lois his
sister said there's a lot of this her
sister Alex is a scientist for the de Oh
a government agency that protects Earth
from alien threats the leader of this
agency is secretly an alien himself
called the Martian Manhunter who can
read minds erase memories and transform
into other people he's the last survivor
of the green Martian race the rest
including his family were killed by
white Martians first race war huh Kara's
aunt Astra is a former Kryptonian
prisoner who now wants to conquer earth
but she's killed by Alex and humanity is
saved Cara and John find a spaceship
with Mon Ellen side he's the Prince of
Jackson Krypton sister planet ruled by a
dictatorship and there's some alien
rights stuff in this season with the
president who's secretly an alien wanted
to give other aliens amnesty the premise
of this show is what would happen if the
public knew that aliens lived on earth
Supergirl teams up with Superman to save
the life of Lena luthor younger sister
of Lex Lena's different from her family
and she becomes Cara's friend Lena's
mother is the leader of a shady
anti-alien government group called
Cadmus the Luthor's Ankara detonated a
device that disperses LED in the
atmosphere forcing the daksa minds to
leave because they're totally allergic
to LED but mono is sucked into a
wormhole every hero gets together for a
crossover when aliens called the
dominators invade they kill the
president and mind-control some of the
heroes and let them live out their dream
lives kind of like they're in the matrix
the heroes overcome mutual distrust to
defeat the dominators and send them back
into space back to arrow where all these
new recruits joined the team mister
terrific wild dog Artemis also the name
of my cat and the new black canary the
new villain Prometheus is secretly
District Attorney Adrian chase he wants
revenge on Oliver for killing his father
he's working with black siren who you'll
remember was laurels evil super-powered
doppelganger from earth to team
Prometheus kidnaps team arrow along with
Oliver's long-lost son William and takes
them all back to the island everybody
always wants to go back to the island
it's like in Jurassic Park
chase plants bombs all over the island
near all of all of us friends and then
kidnaps William all
chooses to save his son instead of his
friends in the island explodes nearly
killing off his entire supporting cast
after the explosion Oliver takes custody
of William and he's outed as the green
arrow team arrow splits up and quentin
takes a bullet meant for earth to Laurel
and dies in surgery very sad now earth
to Laurel regrets being a bad guy in
Oliver spends the season fight in a
villain called the Dragon Oliver admits
to the FBI that he's green arrow in
exchange for immunity for his team
Diggle becomes the new Green Arrow while
Felicity and William go into wit Pro now
the FBI runs Star City and the dragon
wants to recruit three mystical
assassins called the longbow hunters who
seemed to scare the out of everybody
there's a couple of loose ends here Thea
Roy and Nyssa all leave town to destroy
other Lazarus pits Malcolm's new
assassin group the family test guild is
trying to stop them and Deathstroke who
no longer has super steroids in a system
and is back to being a nice guy goes to
look for his long-lost son's granting
Kaine who is it turns out as a bad guy
now but all of this is part of an
alternate reality because Barry went
back in time to save his mother creating
an alternate timeline called flash point
where Wally is the flash Barry tries to
reset the timeline but not everything
goes back to normal
Jesse wells from earth-2 is now a
speedster Caitlin has killer frost ice
powers and Barry works with Draco Malfoy
Barry goes to the future where he sees a
Speed God named saboteur kill iris so
they get engaged yeah Barry you got to
lock that down you should write that
down
Caitlin becomes killer frost full-time
and joins avatar and Barry figures out
that saboteur is actually himself from
the future and that he's been behind
everything all along what IRA shoots
avatar with especial bazooka but Barry
has to go live in a Speed Force prison
because if he doesn't the world will end
by Barry time passes and earth to
Harrison Wells rejoins the team and
Caitlin can be killer frost whenever she
wants she and Cisco free Barry
accidentally created more metahumans one
is named Ralph give me a former
detective who can now stretch and
shape-shift a new villain called the
thinker can transfer his mind into other
people's bodies and absorb other
metahumans to steal their powers team
flash defeats the thinker but earth to
Harry accidentally becomes kind of dumb
afterwards another speedster Nora West
Allen shows up and tells everybody I'm
your daughter Nora oh and there's a
robot Samurai now
the show Black Lightning is not
officially part of the arrowverse yet so
just very briefly Jefferson Pierce is a
high school principal a father of two
and is secretly the superhero black
lightning his daughters also have
superpowers in season one he defeats a
government agency that kept
super-powered kids and freezers but the
main villain is a crime lord named
Tobias who killed Jefferson's dad let's
pick up with the legends who caused a
lot of problems in the timestream rip
hunter creates a new time bureau to fix
all of these time aberrations and now
there's a time demon called malice who's
using the aberrations to try to escape
hell and he's being assisted by damian
darhk-- and his daughter Nora but
they'll both eventually switch sides
everyone is trying to get six totems
that control all aspects of the earth
kind of like the Rings and Captain
Planet to track down the totems they
visit Julius Caesar Helen of Troy
Blackbeard Elvis and save Barack Obama
from a super-intelligent talking
gorillas it's a lot of fun the team adds
a few new members like Wally West and
zari a hacker from a dystopian future
John Constantine also shows up to defeat
the army of pirates Vikings and Romans
that are working to free the demon they
let their powers combine into a giant
spirit that takes the form of a toy
called bebo nine years year the season
ends with rip sacrificing his life Nixon
goes back to 1942 and Constantine tells
them that a lot of other demons have
recently escaped hell and only alternate
earth of Supergirl bourdelle returns
from the future where he was in a group
called the Legion of super-heroes one of
these heroes Brainiac 5 has taken the
group into the past to stop an
extinction-level event meanwhile a
Krypton worshiping cult called the
children of rau have resurrected a
Kryptonian world Killer a bean who
essentially Terra forms planets at a
Krypton this world Killer is called rain
and it takes control of Sam Sam is also
from Krypton it was genetically
engineered to house the world killer but
she doesn't know any of that she's
become the new CEO of ELQ or after Lena
Luthor buys Catco after cat became the
White House press secretary MA Nell and
Cara find her mom living in a city in
space she gives them a special rock that
separates Sam from rain later on rain
goes to another dimension drinks magic
water and is taken away by ghosts John
steps down from the DAO to become part
of a human world Alex takes the job
instead and when has created a new super
suit for afterwards win goes to the
future with mono in the Legion because
apparently in the future he's regarded
as the Thomas Edison of his time and
finally Cara going into
another dimension created a doppelganger
ever who's walking around Siberia and
then all these shows get together for
another giant crossover crisis on Earth
X all of the heroes gather for berry and
irises wedding but then super-powered
Nazis from another dimension bust in and
take a bunch of people prisoner the
Nazis are from Earth X a planet ruled by
evil Oliver and evil Cara evil Cara is
dying from too much solar radiation so
they want regular Cara's heart to fix
her some of the heroes are trapped in an
earth X internment camp and they meet
Leo snart aka citizen cold he was locked
up for dating another man the REA leader
of a resistance group called the freedom
fighters the race sends an Android named
a red tornado to destroy the gateway to
Earth one to trap evil car and Oliver
over there the heroes stopped the plan
but unfortunately Martin Stein is caught
in the crossfire and dies from a gunshot
wound the team saves Cara and she flies
evil car into the sky where she can
explode safely Oliver takes advantage of
all the distractions and kills himself
Barry and iris get married so Felicity
and Oliver say God what the hell they
get hitched as well and that's where we
left off with all the CW shows I know I
had to cut out a lot so if you wouldn't
mind share in the comments what really
important bits of information a new
viewer would need thanks for watching
guys and if you're new here please
subscribe for screen Crush I'm Ryan Arry
[Music]